The speaker 's claim(声称) is actually threefold : ( 1 ) ensuring the survival of large cities and , in turn , that of cultural traditions , is a proper function of government ; ( 2 ) government support is needed for our large dries and cultural traditions to survive and thrive ; and ( 3 ) cultural traditions are preserved and generated primarily(主要地) in our large cities . I strongly disagree with all three claims(声称) . 


First of all , subsidizing cultural traditions is not a proper role of government . Admittedly , certain objectives(目标) , such as public health and safety , are so essential(基本的) to the survival of large dries and of nations that government has a duty to ensure that they are met . However , these objectives(目标) should not extend tenuously to preserving cultural traditions . Moreover , government can not possibly play an evenhanded role as cultural patron(赞助人) . Inadequate resources call for restrictions , priorities(在先) , and choices . It is unconscionable to relegate(使降级) normative decisions as to which cities or cultural traditions are more deserving , valuable , or needy(贫穷的) to a few legislators , whose notions about culture might be misguided or unrepresentative of those of the general populace . Also , legislators are all too likely to make choices in favor of the cultural agendas of their home towns and states , or of lobbyists with the most money and influence . 

Secondly , subsidizing cultural traditions is not a necessary role of government . A lack of private funding(用发行长期债券的方法来收回短期债券) might justify an exception . However , culture -- by which I chiefly mean the fine arts -- has always depended primarily(主要地) on the patronage(赞助) of private individuals and businesses , and not on the government . The Medicis , a powerful banking family of Renaissance(复兴) Italy , supported artists Michelangelo and Raphael . During the 20th Century the primary source of cultural support were private foundations established by industrial magnates Carnegie , Mellon , Rockefeller and Getty . And tomorrow cultural support will come from our new technology and media moguls -- -- including the likes of Ted Turner and Bill Gates . In short , philanthropy is alive and well today , and so government need not intervene(干涉) to ensure that our cultural traditions are preserved and promoted . 

